Example #	Example Type	Text
1	coherent	A government paper on Monday found UK and EU firms would be faced with a " a significant new and ongoing administrative burden " in the event of a no - deal Brexit . It found large firms importing and exporting at scale would need to fill in forms taking one hour 45 minutes on average and cost £ 28 per form for each load imported .
1	swap	It found large firms importing and exporting at scale would need to fill in forms taking one hour 45 minutes on average and cost £ 28 per form for each load imported . A government paper on Monday found UK and EU firms would be faced with a " a significant new and ongoing administrative burden " in the event of a no - deal Brexit .
1	random1	A government paper on Monday found UK and EU firms would be faced with a " a significant new and ongoing administrative burden " in the event of a no - deal Brexit . She spent over a decade at Swiss investment bank UBS before joining the UK Treasury 's council of economic advisers in 1999 .
1	random2	Lady Vadera was born in Uganda and moved to the UK as a teenager . It found large firms importing and exporting at scale would need to fill in forms taking one hour 45 minutes on average and cost £ 28 per form for each load imported .
1	lex sub	The paper found large firms importing and exporting at scale would need to fill in forms taking one hour 45 minutes on average and cost £ 28 per form for each load imported . A government paper on Monday found UK and EU firms would be faced with a " a significant new and ongoing administrative burden " in the event of a no - deal Brexit .
1	prefix insert	More Specifically , it found large firms importing and exporting at scale would need to fill in forms taking one hour 45 minutes on average and cost £ 28 per form for each load imported . A government paper on Monday found UK and EU firms would be faced with a " a significant new and ongoing administrative burden " in the event of a no - deal Brexit .
1	lex pert	A government paper on Monday found UK and EU firms would be faced with a " a significant new and ongoing administrative burden " in the event of a no - deal Brexit . It found large firms importing and exporting at scale would need to fill in cups taking one hour 45 minutes on average and cost £ 28 per cup for each load imported .
1	corrupt pronoun	A government paper on Monday found UK and EU firms would be faced with a " a significant new and ongoing administrative burden " in the event of a no - deal Brexit . He found large firms importing and exporting at scale would need to fill in forms taking one hour 45 minutes on average and cost £ 28 per form for each load imported .
2	coherent	Lady Vadera was born in Uganda and moved to the UK as a teenager . She spent over a decade at Swiss investment bank UBS before joining the UK Treasury 's council of economic advisers in 1999 .
2	swap	She spent over a decade at Swiss investment bank UBS before joining the UK Treasury 's council of economic advisers in 1999 . Lady Vadera was born in Uganda and moved to the UK as a teenager .
2	random1	Lady Vadera was born in Uganda and moved to the UK as a teenager . It found large firms importing and exporting at scale would need to fill in forms taking one hour 45 minutes on average and cost £ 28 per form for each load imported .
2	random2	A government paper on Monday found UK and EU firms would be faced with a " a significant new and ongoing administrative burden " in the event of a no - deal Brexit . She spent over a decade at Swiss investment bank UBS before joining the UK Treasury 's council of economic advisers in 1999 .
2	lex sub	The woman spent over a decade at Swiss investment bank UBS before joining the UK Treasury 's council of economic advisers in 1999 . Lady Vadera was born in Uganda and moved to the UK as a teenager .
2	prefix insert	After her college degree , she spent over a decade at Swiss investment bank UBS before joining the UK Treasury 's council of economic advisers in 1999 . Lady Vadera was born in Uganda and moved to the UK as a teenager .
2	lex pert	Lady Vadera was born in Uganda and moved to the UK as a market . She spent over a decade at Swiss investment bank UBS before joining the UK Treasury 's council of economic advisers in 1999 .
2	corrupt pronoun	Lady Vadera was born in Uganda and moved to the UK as a teenager . It spent over a decade at Swiss investment bank UBS before joining the UK Treasury 's council of economic advisers in 1999 .
3	coherent	Sterling is now 0.7 % lower against the dollar , after Downing Street told the media that a Brexit deal was " essentially impossible " . It 's trading at $ 1.2207 against the dollar , and down 0.74 % against the euro at € 1.1122 .
3	swap	It 's trading at $ 1.2207 against the dollar , and down 0.74 % against the euro at € 1.1122 . Sterling is now 0.7 % lower against the dollar , after Downing Street told the media that a Brexit deal was " essentially impossible " .
3	random1	Sterling is now 0.7 % lower against the dollar , after Downing Street told the media that a Brexit deal was " essentially impossible " . They can include a combination of up to seven different plastics as well as metal , and many hangers end up in landfill where they can take up to 1,000 years to break down , according to hanger recycling company First Mile .
3	random2	Current plastic hangers are hard to recycle because of how they are made . It 's trading at $ 1.2207 against the dollar , and down 0.74 % against the euro at € 1.1122 .
3	lex sub	The currency 's trading at $ 1.2207 against the dollar , and down 0.74 % against the euro at € 1.1122 . Sterling is now 0.7 % lower against the dollar , after Downing Street told the media that a Brexit deal was " essentially impossible " .
3	prefix insert	In specific , it 's trading at $ 1.2207 against the dollar , and down 0.74 % against the euro at € 1.1122 . Sterling is now 0.7 % lower against the dollar , after Downing Street told the media that a Brexit deal was " essentially impossible " .
3	lex pert	Sterling is now 0.7 % lower against the dollar , after Downing Street told the media that a Brexit deal was " essentially impossible " . It 's looking at $ 1.2207 against the dollar , and down 0.74 % against the euro at € 1.1122 .
3	corrupt pronoun	Sterling is now 0.7 % lower against the dollar , after Downing Street told the media that a Brexit deal was " essentially impossible " . He 's trading at $ 1.2207 against the dollar , and down 0.74 % against the euro at € 1.1122 .
4	coherent	Current plastic hangers are hard to recycle because of how they are made . They can include a combination of up to seven different plastics as well as metal , and many hangers end up in landfill where they can take up to 1,000 years to break down , according to hanger recycling company First Mile .
4	swap	They can include a combination of up to seven different plastics as well as metal , and many hangers end up in landfill where they can take up to 1,000 years to break down , according to hanger recycling company First Mile . Current plastic hangers are hard to recycle because of how they are made .
4	random1	Current plastic hangers are hard to recycle because of how they are made . It 's trading at $ 1.2207 against the dollar , and down 0.74 % against the euro at € 1.1122 .
4	random2	Sterling is now 0.7 % lower against the dollar , after Downing Street told the media that a Brexit deal was " essentially impossible " . They can include a combination of up to seven different plastics as well as metal , and many hangers end up in landfill where they can take up to 1,000 years to break down , according to hanger recycling company First Mile .
4	lex sub	The hangers can include a combination of up to seven different plastics as well as metal , and many hangers end up in landfill where they can take up to 1,000 years to break down , according to hanger recycling company First Mile . Current plastic hangers are hard to recycle because of how they are made .
4	prefix insert	In specific , they can include a combination of up to seven different plastics as well as metal , and many hangers end up in landfill where they can take up to 1,000 years to break down , according to hanger recycling company First Mile . Current plastic hangers are hard to recycle because of how they are made .
4	lex pert	Current plastic hangers are hard to recycle because of how they are made . They can include a combination of up to seven different plastics as well as cars , and many hangers end up in landfill where they can take up to 1,000 years to break down , according to hanger recycling company First Mile .
4	corrupt pronoun	Current plastic hangers are hard to recycle because of how they are made . It can include a combination of up to seven different plastics as well as metal , and many hangers end up in landfill where they can take up to 1,000 years to break down , according to hanger recycling company First Mile .
5	coherent	Barclays has promised to freeze last - in - town and remote branch closures for two years . It says it is " committed " to its relationship with the Post Office because customers will still be able to deposit cash .
5	swap	It says it is " committed " to its relationship with the Post Office because customers will still be able to deposit cash . Barclays has promised to freeze last - in - town and remote branch closures for two years .
5	random1	Barclays has promised to freeze last - in - town and remote branch closures for two years . He told the BBC that he has been charged £ 3,000 and his service stopped working on Sunday .
5	random2	Regional sales manager Kevin Navette is currently abroad , but he has been blocked by Vodafone from using his work phone . It says it is " committed " to its relationship with the Post Office because customers will still be able to deposit cash .
5	lex sub	The bank says it is " committed " to its relationship with the Post Office because customers will still be able to deposit cash . Barclays has promised to freeze last - in - town and remote branch closures for two years .
5	prefix insert	In general , it says it is " committed " to its relationship with the Post Office because customers will still be able to deposit cash . Barclays has promised to freeze last - in - town and remote branch closures for two years .
5	lex pert	Barclays has promised to freeze last - in - town and remote branch closures for two years . It says it is " committed " to its relationship with the Post Office because customers will still be able to deposit mud .
5	corrupt pronoun	Barclays has promised to freeze last - in - town and remote branch closures for two years . We say we are " committed " to our relationship with the Post Office because customers will still be able to deposit cash .
6	coherent	Regional sales manager Kevin Navette is currently abroad , but he has been blocked by Vodafone from using his work phone . He told the BBC that he has been charged £ 3,000 and his service stopped working on Sunday .
6	swap	He told the BBC that he has been charged £ 3,000 and his service stopped working on Sunday . Regional sales manager Kevin Navette is currently abroad , but he has been blocked by Vodafone from using his work phone .
6	random1	Regional sales manager Kevin Navette is currently abroad , but he has been blocked by Vodafone from using his work phone . It says it is " committed " to its relationship with the Post Office because customers will still be able to deposit cash .
6	random2	Barclays has promised to freeze last - in - town and remote branch closures for two years . He told the BBC that he has been charged £ 3,000 and his service stopped working on Sunday .
6	lex sub	The man told the BBC that he has been charged £ 3,000 and his service stopped working on Sunday . Regional sales manager Kevin Navette is currently abroad , but he has been blocked by Vodafone from using his work phone .
6	prefix insert	On Tuesday , he told the BBC that he has been charged £ 3,000 and his service stopped working on Sunday . Regional sales manager Kevin Navette is currently abroad , but he has been blocked by Vodafone from using his work phone .
6	lex pert	Regional sales manager Kevin Navette is currently abroad , but he has been blocked by Vodafone from using his work phone . He told the BBC that he has been charged £ 3,000 and his car stopped working on Sunday .
6	corrupt pronoun	Regional sales manager Kevin Navette is currently abroad , but he has been blocked by Vodafone from using his work phone . We told the BBC that we have been charged £ 3,000 and our service stopped working on Sunday .
7	coherent	SportPesa was founded in Nairobi by Kenyans backed by Bulgarian investors . It has had partnerships with English clubs Arsenal , Southampton and Hull City .
7	swap	It has had partnerships with English clubs Arsenal , Southampton and Hull City . SportPesa was founded in Nairobi by Kenyans backed by Bulgarian investors .
7	random1	SportPesa was founded in Nairobi by Kenyans backed by Bulgarian investors . She was part of a trio , alongside her husband Abhijit Banerjee and Michael Kremer , to win the prize .
7	random2	Prof Esther Duflo has said she is " humbled " by her success in winning this year 's Nobel prize for economics and hopes it will " inspire many , many other women " . It has had partnerships with English clubs Arsenal , Southampton and Hull City .
7	lex sub	The company has had partnerships with English clubs Arsenal , Southampton and Hull City . SportPesa was founded in Nairobi by Kenyans backed by Bulgarian investors .
7	prefix insert	As well as Everton it has also had partnerships with English clubs Arsenal , Southampton and Hull City . SportPesa was founded in Nairobi by Kenyans backed by Bulgarian investors .
7	lex pert	SportPesa was founded in Nairobi by Kenyans backed by Bulgarian investors . It has had partnerships with English suits Arsenal , Southampton and Hull City .
7	corrupt pronoun	SportPesa was founded in Nairobi by Kenyans backed by Bulgarian investors . He has had partnerships with English clubs Arsenal , Southampton and Hull City .
8	coherent	Prof Esther Duflo has said she is " humbled " by her success in winning this year 's Nobel prize for economics and hopes it will " inspire many , many other women " . She was part of a trio , alongside her husband Abhijit Banerjee and Michael Kremer , to win the prize .
8	swap	She was part of a trio , alongside her husband Abhijit Banerjee and Michael Kremer , to win the prize . Prof Esther Duflo has said she is " humbled " by her success in winning this year 's Nobel prize for economics and hopes it will " inspire many , many other women " .
8	random1	Prof Esther Duflo has said she is " humbled " by her success in winning this year 's Nobel prize for economics and hopes it will " inspire many , many other women " . It has had partnerships with English clubs Arsenal , Southampton and Hull City .
8	random2	SportPesa was founded in Nairobi by Kenyans backed by Bulgarian investors . She was part of a trio , alongside her husband Abhijit Banerjee and Michael Kremer , to win the prize .
8	lex sub	The professor was part of a trio , alongside her husband Abhijit Banerjee and Michael Kremer , to win the prize . Prof Esther Duflo has said she is " humbled " by her success in winning this year 's Nobel prize for economics and hopes it will " inspire many , many other women " .
8	prefix insert	To win the prize, she was part of a trio , alongside her husband Abhijit Banerjee and Michael Kremer , to win the prize . Prof Esther Duflo has said she is " humbled " by her success in winning this year 's Nobel prize for economics and hopes it will " inspire many , many other women " .
8	lex pert	Prof Esther Duflo has said she is " humbled " by her success in winning this year 's Nobel prize for economics and hopes it will " inspire many , many other women " . She was part of a crime , alongside her husband Abhijit Banerjee and Michael Kremer , to win the prize .
8	corrupt pronoun	Prof Esther Duflo has said she is " humbled " by her success in winning this year 's Nobel prize for economics and hopes it will " inspire many , many other women " . It was part of a trio , alongside its husband Abhijit Banerjee and Michael Kremer , to win the prize .
9	coherent	Natalie Ceeney , who wrote an Access to Cash Review this year , says Barclays customers make 1.2 million cash withdrawals from Post Offices every month . She is calling on the bank to reverse its plan for the sake of people who still rely heavily on cash , saying : " The cash system that supports them must be cherished , not undermined . "
9	swap	She is calling on the bank to reverse its plan for the sake of people who still rely heavily on cash , saying : " The cash system that supports them must be cherished , not undermined . " Natalie Ceeney , who wrote an Access to Cash Review this year , says Barclays customers make 1.2 million cash withdrawals from Post Offices every month .
9	random1	Natalie Ceeney , who wrote an Access to Cash Review this year , says Barclays customers make 1.2 million cash withdrawals from Post Offices every month . It says the pharma companies are vested interests making excess profits on public health .
9	random2	Labour is pushing new boundaries in its challenge to the big corporations across the economy . She is calling on the bank to reverse its plan for the sake of people who still rely heavily on cash , saying : " The cash system that supports them must be cherished , not undermined . "
9	lex sub	The woman is calling on the bank to reverse its plan for the sake of people who still rely heavily on cash , saying : " The cash system that supports them must be cherished , not undermined . " Natalie Ceeney , who wrote an Access to Cash Review this year , says Barclays customers make 1.2 million cash withdrawals from Post Offices every month .
9	prefix insert	As a result , she is calling on the bank to reverse its plan for the sake of people who still rely heavily on cash , saying : " The cash system that supports them must be cherished , not undermined . " Natalie Ceeney , who wrote an Access to Cash Review this year , says Barclays customers make 1.2 million cash withdrawals from Post Offices every month .
9	lex pert	Natalie Ceeney , who wrote an Access to Cash Review this year , says Barclays customers make 1.2 million cash withdrawals from Post Offices every month . She is calling on the bank to reverse its plan for the sake of people who still rely heavily on coffee , saying : " The coffee system that supports them must be cherished , not undermined . "
9	corrupt pronoun	Natalie Ceeney , who wrote an Access to Cash Review this year , says Barclays customers make 1.2 million cash withdrawals from Post Offices every month . It is calling on the bank to reverse its plan for the sake of people who still rely heavily on cash , saying : " The cash system that supports them must be cherished , not undermined . "
10	coherent	Labour is pushing new boundaries in its challenge to the big corporations across the economy . It says the pharma companies are vested interests making excess profits on public health .
10	swap	It says the pharma companies are vested interests making excess profits on public health . Labour is pushing new boundaries in its challenge to the big corporations across the economy .
10	random1	Labour is pushing new boundaries in its challenge to the big corporations across the economy . She is calling on the bank to reverse its plan for the sake of people who still rely heavily on cash , saying : " The cash system that supports them must be cherished , not undermined . "
10	random2	Natalie Ceeney , who wrote an Access to Cash Review this year , says Barclays customers make 1.2 million cash withdrawals from Post Offices every month . It says the pharma companies are vested interests making excess profits on public health .
10	lex sub	The party says the pharma companies are vested interests making excess profits on public health . Labour is pushing new boundaries in its challenge to the big corporations across the economy .
10	prefix insert	In specific , it says the pharma companies are vested interests making excess profits on public health . Labour is pushing new boundaries in its challenge to the big corporations across the economy .
10	lex pert	Labour is pushing new boundaries in its challenge to the big universities across the economy . It says the pharma companies are vested interests making excess profits on public health .
10	corrupt pronoun	Labour is pushing new boundaries in its challenge to the big corporations across the economy . He says the pharma companies are vested interests making excess profits on public health .
11	coherent	Prof Esther Duflo is only the second woman to win the Nobel prize in economics since it began in 1969 . She is also the youngest recipient of the prize .
11	swap	She is also the youngest recipient of the prize . Prof Esther Duflo is only the second woman to win the Nobel prize in economics since it began in 1969 .
11	random1	Prof Esther Duflo is only the second woman to win the Nobel prize in economics since it began in 1969 . It expects to gradually resume Max flights from 16 January 2020 .
11	random2	American Airlines is extending cancellations of Boeing 737 Max flights until January as regulators continue to review proposed software changes to the grounded plane . She is also the youngest recipient of the prize .
11	lex sub	The professor is also the youngest recipient of the prize . Prof Esther Duflo is only the second woman to win the Nobel prize in economics since it began in 1969 .
11	prefix insert	At 46 years old , she is also the youngest recipient of the prize .$SENTENCE_ENDProf Esther Duflo is only the second woman to win the Nobel prize in economics since it began in 1969 .
11	lex pert	Prof Esther Duflo is only the second woman to win the Nobel prize in economics since it began in 1969 . She is also the youngest recipient of the letter .
11	corrupt pronoun	Prof Esther Duflo is only the second woman to win the Nobel prize in economics since it began in 1969 . It is also the youngest recipient of the prize .
12	coherent	American Airlines is extending cancellations of Boeing 737 Max flights until January as regulators continue to review proposed software changes to the grounded plane . It expects to gradually resume Max flights from 16 January 2020 .
12	swap	It expects to gradually resume Max flights from 16 January 2020 . American Airlines is extending cancellations of Boeing 737 Max flights until January as regulators continue to review proposed software changes to the grounded plane .
12	random1	American Airlines is extending cancellations of Boeing 737 Max flights until January as regulators continue to review proposed software changes to the grounded plane . She is also the youngest recipient of the prize .
12	random2	Prof Esther Duflo is only the second woman to win the Nobel prize in economics since it began in 1969 . It expects to gradually resume Max flights from 16 January 2020 .
12	lex sub	The airline expects to gradually resume Max flights from 16 January 2020 . American Airlines is extending cancellations of Boeing 737 Max flights until January as regulators continue to review proposed software changes to the grounded plane .
12	prefix insert	However , it expects to gradually resume Max flights from 16 January 2020 . American Airlines is extending cancellations of Boeing 737 Max flights until January as regulators continue to review proposed software changes to the grounded plane .
12	lex pert	American Airlines is extending cancellations of Boeing 737 Max flights until January as regulators continue to review proposed software changes to the grounded plane . It expects to gradually resume Max lessons from 16 January 2020 .
12	corrupt pronoun	American Airlines is extending cancellations of Boeing 737 Max flights until January as regulators continue to review proposed software changes to the grounded plane . He expects to gradually resume Max flights from 16 January 2020 .
13	coherent	Neil Woodford , one of Britain ’s best - known investment managers , is shutting down his remaining funds after he was sacked from managing his troubled flagship fund . He said he has “ taken the highly painful decision ” to close Woodford Investment Management , the umbrella firm for several funds , including LF Woodford Equity IncomeFund .
13	swap	He said he has “ taken the highly painful decision ” to close Woodford Investment Management , the umbrella firm for several funds , including LF Woodford Equity IncomeFund . Neil Woodford , one of Britain ’s best - known investment managers , is shutting down his remaining funds after he was sacked from managing his troubled flagship fund .
13	random1	Neil Woodford , one of Britain ’s best - known investment managers , is shutting down his remaining funds after he was sacked from managing his troubled flagship fund . It also wants to upgrade the plant and improve efficiency , although it reportedly views cutting costs as crucial as well .
13	random2	According to the Financial Times , China 's Jingye Group would aim to increase production at British Steel 's Scunthorpe plant from 2.5 million tonnes each year to more than 3 million . He said he has “ taken the highly painful decision ” to close Woodford Investment Management , the umbrella firm for several funds , including LF Woodford Equity IncomeFund .
13	lex sub	The man said he has “ taken the highly painful decision ” to close Woodford Investment Management , the umbrella firm for several funds , including LF Woodford Equity IncomeFund . Neil Woodford , one of Britain ’s best - known investment managers , is shutting down his remaining funds after he was sacked from managing his troubled flagship fund .
13	prefix insert	In a statement late on Tuesday he said he has “ taken the highly painful decision ” to close Woodford Investment Management , the umbrella firm for several funds , including LF Woodford Equity IncomeFund . Neil Woodford , one of Britain ’s best - known investment managers , is shutting down his remaining funds after he was sacked from managing his troubled flagship fund .
13	lex pert	Neil Woodford , one of Britain ’s best - known investment managers , is shutting down his remaining lids after he was sacked from managing his troubled flagship fund . He said he has “ taken the highly painful decision ” to close Woodford Investment Management , the umbrella firm for several funds , including LF Woodford Equity IncomeFund .
13	corrupt pronoun	Neil Woodford , one of Britain ’s best - known investment managers , is shutting down his remaining funds after he was sacked from managing his troubled flagship fund . It said it has “ taken the highly painful decision ” to close Woodford Investment Management , the umbrella firm for several funds , including LF Woodford Equity IncomeFund .
14	coherent	According to the Financial Times , China 's Jingye Group would aim to increase production at British Steel 's Scunthorpe plant from 2.5 million tonnes each year to more than 3 million . It also wants to upgrade the plant and improve efficiency , although it reportedly views cutting costs as crucial as well .
14	swap	It also wants to upgrade the plant and improve efficiency , although it reportedly views cutting costs as crucial as well . According to the Financial Times , China 's Jingye Group would aim to increase production at British Steel 's Scunthorpe plant from 2.5 million tonnes each year to more than 3 million .
14	random1	According to the Financial Times , China 's Jingye Group would aim to increase production at British Steel 's Scunthorpe plant from 2.5 million tonnes each year to more than 3 million . He said he has “ taken the highly painful decision ” to close Woodford Investment Management , the umbrella firm for several funds , including LF Woodford Equity IncomeFund .
14	random2	Neil Woodford , one of Britain ’s best - known investment managers , is shutting down his remaining funds after he was sacked from managing his troubled flagship fund . It also wants to upgrade the plant and improve efficiency , although it reportedly views cutting costs as crucial as well .
14	lex sub	The company also wants to upgrade the plant and improve efficiency , although it reportedly views cutting costs as crucial as well . According to the Financial Times , China 's Jingye Group would aim to increase production at British Steel 's Scunthorpe plant from 2.5 million tonnes each year to more than 3 million .
14	prefix insert	In addition , it also wants to upgrade the plant and improve efficiency , although it reportedly views cutting costs as crucial as well . According to the Financial Times , China 's Jingye Group would aim to increase production at British Steel 's Scunthorpe plant from 2.5 million tonnes each year to more than 3 million .
14	lex pert	According to the Financial Times , China 's Jingye Group would aim to increase flights at British Steel 's Scunthorpe plant from 2.5 million tonnes each year to more than 3 million . It also wants to upgrade the plant and improve efficiency , although it reportedly views cutting costs as crucial as well .
14	corrupt pronoun	According to the Financial Times , China 's Jingye Group would aim to increase production at British Steel 's Scunthorpe plant from 2.5 million tonnes each year to more than 3 million . He also wants to upgrade the plant and improve efficiency , although he reportedly views cutting costs as crucial as well .
15	coherent	John Barnett has claimed that passengers on Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner could be left without oxygen if the cabin were to suffer a sudden decompression . He says tests suggest up to a quarter of the oxygen systems could be faulty and might not work when needed .
15	swap	He says tests suggest up to a quarter of the oxygen systems could be faulty and might not work when needed . John Barnett has claimed that passengers on Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner could be left without oxygen if the cabin were to suffer a sudden decompression .
15	random1	John Barnett has claimed that passengers on Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner could be left without oxygen if the cabin were to suffer a sudden decompression . It has also been involved in the Civil Aviation Authority 's mission to repatriate Thomas Cook customers who were abroad when the tour operator went bust on 23 September .
15	random2	Hays has employed more than 25 % of former Thomas Cook retail staff but said it aimed to take on all 2,500 of those who have lost their jobs . He says tests suggest up to a quarter of the oxygen systems could be faulty and might not work when needed .
15	lex sub	The man says tests suggest up to a quarter of the oxygen systems could be faulty and might not work when needed . John Barnett has claimed that passengers on Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner could be left without oxygen if the cabin were to suffer a sudden decompression .
15	prefix insert	Furthermore , he says tests suggest up to a quarter of the oxygen systems could be faulty and might not work when needed . John Barnett has claimed that passengers on Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner could be left without oxygen if the cabin were to suffer a sudden decompression .
15	lex pert	John Barnett has claimed that passengers on Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner could be left without oxygen if the cabin were to suffer a sudden decompression . He says tests suggest up to a quarter of the oxygen systems could be perfect and might not work when needed .
15	corrupt pronoun	John Barnett has claimed that passengers on Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner could be left without oxygen if the cabin were to suffer a sudden decompression . It says tests suggest up to a quarter of the oxygen systems could be faulty and might not work when needed .
16	coherent	Hays has employed more than 25 % of former Thomas Cook retail staff but said it aimed to take on all 2,500 of those who have lost their jobs . It has also been involved in the Civil Aviation Authority 's mission to repatriate Thomas Cook customers who were abroad when the tour operator went bust on 23 September .
16	swap	It has also been involved in the Civil Aviation Authority 's mission to repatriate Thomas Cook customers who were abroad when the tour operator went bust on 23 September . Hays has employed more than 25 % of former Thomas Cook retail staff but said it aimed to take on all 2,500 of those who have lost their jobs .
16	random1	Hays has employed more than 25 % of former Thomas Cook retail staff but said it aimed to take on all 2,500 of those who have lost their jobs . He says tests suggest up to a quarter of the oxygen systems could be faulty and might not work when needed .
16	random2	John Barnett has claimed that passengers on Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner could be left without oxygen if the cabin were to suffer a sudden decompression . It has also been involved in the Civil Aviation Authority 's mission to repatriate Thomas Cook customers who were abroad when the tour operator went bust on 23 September .
16	lex sub	The company has also been involved in the Civil Aviation Authority 's mission to repatriate Thomas Cook customers who were abroad when the tour operator went bust on 23 September . Hays has employed more than 25 % of former Thomas Cook retail staff but said it aimed to take on all 2,500 of those who have lost their jobs .
16	prefix insert	Furthermore , it has also been involved in the Civil Aviation Authority 's mission to repatriate Thomas Cook customers who were abroad when the tour operator went bust on 23 September . Hays has employed more than 25 % of former Thomas Cook retail staff but said it aimed to take on all 2,500 of those who have lost their jobs .
16	lex pert	Hays has employed more than 25 % of former Thomas Cook retail staff but said it aimed to take on all 2,500 of those who have lost their paintings . It has also been involved in the Civil Aviation Authority 's mission to repatriate Thomas Cook customers who were abroad when the tour operator went bust on 23 September .
16	corrupt pronoun	Hays has employed more than 25 % of former Thomas Cook retail staff but said it aimed to take on all 2,500 of those who have lost their jobs . He has also been involved in the Civil Aviation Authority 's mission to repatriate Thomas Cook customers who were abroad when the tour operator went bust on 23 September .
17	coherent	GVC Holdings , the owner of sports betting and gaming firms including Ladbrokes Coral and Gala , has reported a 12 % rise in net gaming revenue for the three months ending 30 September 2019 . It says that its revenues were boosted by a rise in online wagers compared to the same period in the previous year , despite the fact that 2018 had the impact of the football World Cup .
17	swap	It says that its revenues were boosted by a rise in online wagers compared to the same period in the previous year , despite the fact that 2018 had the impact of the football World Cup . GVC Holdings , the owner of sports betting and gaming firms including Ladbrokes Coral and Gala , has reported a 12 % rise in net gaming revenue for the three months ending 30 September 2019 .
17	random1	GVC Holdings , the owner of sports betting and gaming firms including Ladbrokes Coral and Gala , has reported a 12 % rise in net gaming revenue for the three months ending 30 September 2019 . He , however , blamed looming departure from the EU for rising unemployment and stalling business investment .
17	random2	Mr Mackay told the Scottish National party conference in Aberdeen that stockpiling by companies ahead of the UK government ’s October 31 Brexit date meant Scotland might avoid a recession in the short term . It says that its revenues were boosted by a rise in online wagers compared to the same period in the previous year , despite the fact that 2018 had the impact of the football World Cup .
17	lex sub	The firm says that its revenues were boosted by a rise in online wagers compared to the same period in the previous year , despite the fact that 2018 had the impact of the football World Cup . GVC Holdings , the owner of sports betting and gaming firms including Ladbrokes Coral and Gala , has reported a 12 % rise in net gaming revenue for the three months ending 30 September 2019 .
17	prefix insert	Additionally , it says that its revenues were boosted by a rise in online wagers compared to the same period in the previous year , despite the fact that 2018 had the impact of the football World Cup . GVC Holdings , the owner of sports betting and gaming firms including Ladbrokes Coral and Gala , has reported a 12 % rise in net gaming revenue for the three months ending 30 September 2019 .
17	lex pert	GVC Holdings , the owner of sports betting and gaming firms including Ladbrokes Coral and Gala , has reported a 12 % rise in net gaming revenue for the three months ending 30 September 2019 . It says that its skills were boosted by a rise in online wagers compared to the same period in the previous year , despite the fact that 2018 had the impact of the football World Cup .
17	corrupt pronoun	GVC Holdings , the owner of sports betting and gaming firms including Ladbrokes Coral and Gala , has reported a 12 % rise in net gaming revenue for the three months ending 30 September 2019 . We say that our revenues were boosted by a rise in online wagers compared to the same period in the previous year , despite the fact that 2018 had the impact of the football World Cup .
18	coherent	Mr Mackay told the Scottish National party conference in Aberdeen that stockpiling by companies ahead of the UK government ’s October 31 Brexit date meant Scotland might avoid a recession in the short term . He , however , blamed looming departure from the EU for rising unemployment and stalling business investment .
18	swap	He , however , blamed looming departure from the EU for rising unemployment and stalling business investment . Mr Mackay told the Scottish National party conference in Aberdeen that stockpiling by companies ahead of the UK government ’s October 31 Brexit date meant Scotland might avoid a recession in the short term .
18	random1	Mr Mackay told the Scottish National party conference in Aberdeen that stockpiling by companies ahead of the UK government ’s October 31 Brexit date meant Scotland might avoid a recession in the short term . It says that its revenues were boosted by a rise in online wagers compared to the same period in the previous year , despite the fact that 2018 had the impact of the football World Cup .
18	random2	GVC Holdings , the owner of sports betting and gaming firms including Ladbrokes Coral and Gala , has reported a 12 % rise in net gaming revenue for the three months ending 30 September 2019 . He , however , blamed looming departure from the EU for rising unemployment and stalling business investment .
18	lex sub	The man , however , blamed looming departure from the EU for rising unemployment and stalling business investment . Mr Mackay told the Scottish National party conference in Aberdeen that stockpiling by companies ahead of the UK government ’s October 31 Brexit date meant Scotland might avoid a recession in the short term .
18	prefix insert	However , he blamed looming departure from the EU for rising unemployment and stalling business investment . Mr Mackay told the Scottish National party conference in Aberdeen that stockpiling by companies ahead of the UK government ’s October 31 Brexit date meant Scotland might avoid a recession in the short term .
18	lex pert	Mr Mackay told the Scottish National party conference in Aberdeen that stockpiling by companies ahead of the UK government ’s October 31 Brexit date meant Scotland might avoid a recession in the short term . He , however , blamed looming departure from the airport for rising unemployment and stalling business investment .
18	corrupt pronoun	Mr Mackay told the Scottish National party conference in Aberdeen that stockpiling by companies ahead of the UK government ’s October 31 Brexit date meant Scotland might avoid a recession in the short term . It , however , blamed looming departure from the EU for rising unemployment and stalling business investment .
19	coherent	A Labour spokesman said the Confederation of British Industry was more interested in protecting shareholders than in creating a fair economy . He accused the organisation of " incoherent scaremongering " .
19	swap	He accused the organisation of " incoherent scaremongering " . A Labour spokesman said the Confederation of British Industry was more interested in protecting shareholders than in creating a fair economy .
19	random1	A Labour spokesman said the Confederation of British Industry was more interested in protecting shareholders than in creating a fair economy . It also says leading economies should be prepared for co - ordinated use of government finances if there is a severe downturn .
19	random2	In its latest economic assessments , the IMF says lower interest rates are encouraging financial risk - taking . He accused the organisation of " incoherent scaremongering " .
19	lex sub	The man accused the organisation of " incoherent scaremongering " . A Labour spokesman said the Confederation of British Industry was more interested in protecting shareholders than in creating a fair economy .
19	prefix insert	ore specifically , he accused the organisation of " incoherent scaremongering " . A Labour spokesman said the Confederation of British Industry was more interested in protecting shareholders than in creating a fair economy .
19	lex pert	A Labour spokesman said the Confederation of British Industry was more interested in protecting shareholders than in creating a bad economy . He accused the organisation of " incoherent scaremongering " .
19	corrupt pronoun	A Labour spokesman said the Confederation of British Industry was more interested in protecting shareholders than in creating a fair economy . It accused the organisation of " incoherent scaremongering " .
20	coherent	In its latest economic assessments , the IMF says lower interest rates are encouraging financial risk - taking . It also says leading economies should be prepared for co - ordinated use of government finances if there is a severe downturn .
20	swap	It also says leading economies should be prepared for co - ordinated use of government finances if there is a severe downturn . In its latest economic assessments , the IMF says lower interest rates are encouraging financial risk - taking .
20	random1	In its latest economic assessments , the IMF says lower interest rates are encouraging financial risk - taking . He accused the organisation of " incoherent scaremongering " .
20	random2	A Labour spokesman said the Confederation of British Industry was more interested in protecting shareholders than in creating a fair economy . It also says leading economies should be prepared for co - ordinated use of government finances if there is a severe downturn .
20	lex sub	The organization also says leading economies should be prepared for co - ordinated use of government finances if there is a severe downturn . In its latest economic assessments , the IMF says lower interest rates are encouraging financial risk - taking .
20	prefix insert	In the assessments , it also says leading economies should be prepared for co - ordinated use of government finances if there is a severe downturn . In its latest economic assessments , the IMF says lower interest rates are encouraging financial risk - taking .
20	lex pert	In its latest economic assessments , the IMF says lower interest rates are encouraging medical risk - taking . It also says leading economies should be prepared for co - ordinated use of government finances if there is a severe downturn .
20	corrupt pronoun	In its latest economic assessments , the IMF says lower interest rates are encouraging financial risk - taking . He also says leading economies should be prepared for co - ordinated use of government finances if there is a severe downturn .
21	coherent	The Bank of England attributes the recent weakness in productivity mainly to Brexit . It estimated that over the past three years , the drawn - out process of leaving the EU has reduced UK productivity by between 2 and 5 per cent .
21	swap	It estimated that over the past three years , the drawn - out process of leaving the EU has reduced UK productivity by between 2 and 5 per cent . The Bank of England attributes the recent weakness in productivity mainly to Brexit .
21	random1	The Bank of England attributes the recent weakness in productivity mainly to Brexit . She wants telecom operators to stump up millions of pounds to make that happen .
21	random2	Culture secretary Nicky Morgan has announced plans to provide " high - quality " 4G coverage to 95 % of the UK by 2025 . It estimated that over the past three years , the drawn - out process of leaving the EU has reduced UK productivity by between 2 and 5 per cent .
21	lex sub	The bank estimated that over the past three years , the drawn - out process of leaving the EU has reduced UK productivity by between 2 and 5 per cent . The Bank of England attributes the recent weakness in productivity mainly to Brexit .
21	prefix insert	In a paper published in August , it estimated that over the past three years , the drawn - out process of leaving the EU has reduced UK productivity by between 2 and 5 per cent . The Bank of England attributes the recent weakness in productivity mainly to Brexit .
21	lex pert	The Bank of England attributes the recent weakness in productivity mainly to Brexit . It estimated that over the past three years , the drawn - out process of leaving the airport has reduced UK productivity by between 2 and 5 per cent .
21	corrupt pronoun	The Bank of England attributes the recent weakness in productivity mainly to Brexit . He estimated that over the past three years , the drawn - out process of leaving the EU has reduced UK productivity by between 2 and 5 per cent .
22	coherent	Culture secretary Nicky Morgan has announced plans to provide " high - quality " 4G coverage to 95 % of the UK by 2025 . She wants telecom operators to stump up millions of pounds to make that happen .
22	swap	She wants telecom operators to stump up millions of pounds to make that happen . Culture secretary Nicky Morgan has announced plans to provide " high - quality " 4G coverage to 95 % of the UK by 2025 .
22	random1	Culture secretary Nicky Morgan has announced plans to provide " high - quality " 4G coverage to 95 % of the UK by 2025 . It estimated that over the past three years , the drawn - out process of leaving the EU has reduced UK productivity by between 2 and 5 per cent .
22	random2	The Bank of England attributes the recent weakness in productivity mainly to Brexit . She wants telecom operators to stump up millions of pounds to make that happen .
22	lex sub	The secretary wants telecom operators to stump up millions of pounds to make that happen . Culture secretary Nicky Morgan has announced plans to provide " high - quality " 4G coverage to 95 % of the UK by 2025 .
22	prefix insert	That 's why she wants telecom operators to stump up millions of pounds to make that happen . Culture secretary Nicky Morgan has announced plans to provide " high - quality " 4G coverage to 95 % of the UK by 2025 .
22	lex pert	Culture secretary Nicky Morgan has announced plans to provide " high - quality " 4G coverage to 95 % of the UK by 2025 . She wants hospital operators to stump up millions of pounds to make that happen .
22	corrupt pronoun	Culture secretary Nicky Morgan has announced plans to provide " high - quality " 4G coverage to 95 % of the UK by 2025 . It wants telecom operators to stump up millions of pounds to make that happen .
23	coherent	Facebook 's founder Mark Zuckerberg has said he does not think it is right for a company to censor politicians or the news in a democracy . He was giving a speech in Washington DC following weeks of criticism over the firm 's decision not to ban political adverts that contain falsehoods .
23	swap	He was giving a speech in Washington DC following weeks of criticism over the firm 's decision not to ban political adverts that contain falsehoods . Facebook 's founder Mark Zuckerberg has said he does not think it is right for a company to censor politicians or the news in a democracy .
23	random1	Facebook 's founder Mark Zuckerberg has said he does not think it is right for a company to censor politicians or the news in a democracy . It made losses for the last two years as its operating profits were more than offset by high interest payments on its £ 1.1bn debt pile .
23	random2	Pizza Express appears to have responded to the reports that it has reportedly hired financial advisers ahead of a meeting with lenders to review its debt situation . He was giving a speech in Washington DC following weeks of criticism over the firm 's decision not to ban political adverts that contain falsehoods .
23	lex sub	The CEO was giving a speech in Washington DC following weeks of criticism over the firm 's decision not to ban political adverts that contain falsehoods . Facebook 's founder Mark Zuckerberg has said he does not think it is right for a company to censor politicians or the news in a democracy .
23	prefix insert	That was last Wednesday when he was giving a speech in Washington DC following weeks of criticism over the firm 's decision not to ban political adverts that contain falsehoods . Facebook 's founder Mark Zuckerberg has said he does not think it is right for a company to censor politicians or the news in a democracy .
23	lex pert	Facebook 's founder Mark Zuckerberg has said he does not think it is right for a company to censor politicians or the news in a democracy . He was giving a speech in Washington DC following weeks of criticism over the firm 's decision not to ban political adverts that contain food .
23	corrupt pronoun	Facebook 's founder Mark Zuckerberg has said he does not think it is right for a company to censor politicians or the news in a democracy . It was giving a speech in Washington DC following weeks of criticism over the firm 's decision not to ban political adverts that contain falsehoods .
24	coherent	Pizza Express appears to have responded to the reports that it has reportedly hired financial advisers ahead of a meeting with lenders to review its debt situation . It made losses for the last two years as its operating profits were more than offset by high interest payments on its £ 1.1bn debt pile .
24	swap	It made losses for the last two years as its operating profits were more than offset by high interest payments on its £ 1.1bn debt pile . Pizza Express appears to have responded to the reports that it has reportedly hired financial advisers ahead of a meeting with lenders to review its debt situation .
24	random1	Pizza Express appears to have responded to the reports that it has reportedly hired financial advisers ahead of a meeting with lenders to review its debt situation . He was giving a speech in Washington DC following weeks of criticism over the firm 's decision not to ban political adverts that contain falsehoods .
24	random2	Facebook 's founder Mark Zuckerberg has said he does not think it is right for a company to censor politicians or the news in a democracy . It made losses for the last two years as its operating profits were more than offset by high interest payments on its £ 1.1bn debt pile .
24	lex sub	The chain made losses for the last two years as its operating profits were more than offset by high interest payments on its £ 1.1bn debt pile . Pizza Express appears to have responded to the reports that it has reportedly hired financial advisers ahead of a meeting with lenders to review its debt situation .
24	prefix insert	Financially speaking , it made losses for the last two years as its operating profits were more than offset by high interest payments on its £ 1.1bn debt pile . Pizza Express appears to have responded to the reports that it has reportedly hired financial advisers ahead of a meeting with lenders to review its debt situation .
24	lex pert	Pizza Express appears to have responded to the reports that it has reportedly hired financial advisers ahead of a meeting with lenders to review its debt situation . It made profits for the last two years as its operating profits were more than offset by high interest payments on its £ 1.1bn debt pile .
24	corrupt pronoun	Pizza Express appears to have responded to the reports that it has reportedly hired financial advisers ahead of a meeting with lenders to review its debt situation . He made losses for the last two years as his operating profits were more than offset by high interest payments on his £ 1.1bn debt pile .
25	coherent	The Bank of England has warned Facebook that its new digital currency , Libra , will face tough regulatory scrutiny before its launch in Britain . It said Libra had the potential to become a " systemically important " payment system and would need to show it could meet " the highest standards of resilience " .
25	swap	It said Libra had the potential to become a " systemically important " payment system and would need to show it could meet " the highest standards of resilience " . The Bank of England has warned Facebook that its new digital currency , Libra , will face tough regulatory scrutiny before its launch in Britain .
25	random1	The Bank of England has warned Facebook that its new digital currency , Libra , will face tough regulatory scrutiny before its launch in Britain . He remains in custody on charges of financial wrongdoing , which he denies .
25	random2	Mr Ghosn , who was chairman of Nissan and presided over the global alliance between Renault , Nissan and Mitsubishi , was arrested in Tokyo last year . It said Libra had the potential to become a " systemically important " payment system and would need to show it could meet " the highest standards of resilience " .
25	lex sub	The bank said Libra had the potential to become a " systemically important " payment system and would need to show it could meet " the highest standards of resilience " . The Bank of England has warned Facebook that its new digital currency , Libra , will face tough regulatory scrutiny before its launch in Britain .
25	prefix insert	In minutes of the latest Financial Policy Committee meeting , it said Libra had the potential to become a " systemically important " payment system and would need to show it could meet " the highest standards of resilience " . The Bank of England has warned Facebook that its new digital currency , Libra , will face tough regulatory scrutiny before its launch in Britain .
25	lex pert	The Bank of England has warned Facebook that its new digital currency , Libra , will face tough regulatory scrutiny before its launch in Britain . It said Libra had the potential to become a " systemically important " healthcare system and would need to show it could meet " the highest standards of resilience " .
25	corrupt pronoun	The Bank of England has warned Facebook that its new digital currency , Libra , will face tough regulatory scrutiny before its launch in Britain . He said Libra had the potential to become a " systemically important " payment system and would need to show it could meet " the highest standards of resilience " .
26	coherent	Mr Ghosn , who was chairman of Nissan and presided over the global alliance between Renault , Nissan and Mitsubishi , was arrested in Tokyo last year . He remains in custody on charges of financial wrongdoing , which he denies .
26	swap	He remains in custody on charges of financial wrongdoing , which he denies . Mr Ghosn , who was chairman of Nissan and presided over the global alliance between Renault , Nissan and Mitsubishi , was arrested in Tokyo last year .
26	random1	Mr Ghosn , who was chairman of Nissan and presided over the global alliance between Renault , Nissan and Mitsubishi , was arrested in Tokyo last year . It said Libra had the potential to become a " systemically important " payment system and would need to show it could meet " the highest standards of resilience " .
26	random2	The Bank of England has warned Facebook that its new digital currency , Libra , will face tough regulatory scrutiny before its launch in Britain . He remains in custody on charges of financial wrongdoing , which he denies .
26	lex sub	The man remains in custody on charges of financial wrongdoing , which he denies . Mr Ghosn , who was chairman of Nissan and presided over the global alliance between Renault , Nissan and Mitsubishi , was arrested in Tokyo last year .
26	prefix insert	Until now, he remains in custody on charges of financial wrongdoing , which he denies . Mr Ghosn , who was chairman of Nissan and presided over the global alliance between Renault , Nissan and Mitsubishi , was arrested in Tokyo last year .
26	lex pert	Mr Ghosn , who was chairman of Nissan and presided over the global alliance between Renault , Nissan and Mitsubishi , was arrested in Tokyo last year . He remains in the park on charges of financial wrongdoing , which he denies .
26	corrupt pronoun	Mr Ghosn , who was chairman of Nissan and presided over the global alliance between Renault , Nissan and Mitsubishi , was arrested in Tokyo last year . It remains in custody on charges of financial wrongdoing , which it denies .
27	coherent	A broad index of Asia - Pacific shares outside Japan , run by MSCI , closed 0.75 per cent lower . It has lost 3.7 per cent so far this week .
27	swap	It has lost 3.7 per cent so far this week . A broad index of Asia - Pacific shares outside Japan , run by MSCI , closed 0.75 per cent lower .
27	random1	A broad index of Asia - Pacific shares outside Japan , run by MSCI , closed 0.75 per cent lower . He did not mention Scotland ’s large notional fiscal deficit and the possibility of a “ hard ” border between an independent Scotland and post - Brexit UK , factors that could raise major difficulties for maintaining economic growth and current levels of government spending .
27	random2	Mr Mackay seized upon an opinion poll published at the weekend that found more Scottish voters believe that Scotland would be better off economically as an independent country within the EU rather than staying in the UK after Brexit . It has lost 3.7 per cent so far this week .
27	lex sub	The index has lost 3.7 per cent so far this week . A broad index of Asia - Pacific shares outside Japan , run by MSCI , closed 0.75 per cent lower .
27	prefix insert	In addition , it has lost 3.7 per cent so far this week . A broad index of Asia - Pacific shares outside Japan , run by MSCI , closed 0.75 per cent lower .
27	lex pert	A broad index of Asia - Pacific shares outside Japan , run by MSCI , closed 0.75 per cent lower . It has charged 3.7 per cent so far this week .
27	corrupt pronoun	A broad index of Asia - Pacific shares outside Japan , run by MSCI , closed 0.75 per cent lower . He has lost 3.7 per cent so far this week .
28	coherent	Mr Mackay seized upon an opinion poll published at the weekend that found more Scottish voters believe that Scotland would be better off economically as an independent country within the EU rather than staying in the UK after Brexit . He did not mention Scotland ’s large notional fiscal deficit and the possibility of a “ hard ” border between an independent Scotland and post - Brexit UK , factors that could raise major difficulties for maintaining economic growth and current levels of government spending .
28	swap	He did not mention Scotland ’s large notional fiscal deficit and the possibility of a “ hard ” border between an independent Scotland and post - Brexit UK , factors that could raise major difficulties for maintaining economic growth and current levels of government spending . Mr Mackay seized upon an opinion poll published at the weekend that found more Scottish voters believe that Scotland would be better off economically as an independent country within the EU rather than staying in the UK after Brexit .
28	random1	Mr Mackay seized upon an opinion poll published at the weekend that found more Scottish voters believe that Scotland would be better off economically as an independent country within the EU rather than staying in the UK after Brexit . It has lost 3.7 per cent so far this week .
28	random2	A broad index of Asia - Pacific shares outside Japan , run by MSCI , closed 0.75 per cent lower . He did not mention Scotland ’s large notional fiscal deficit and the possibility of a “ hard ” border between an independent Scotland and post - Brexit UK , factors that could raise major difficulties for maintaining economic growth and current levels of government spending .
28	lex sub	The man did not mention Scotland ’s large notional fiscal deficit and the possibility of a “ hard ” border between an independent Scotland and post - Brexit UK , factors that could raise major difficulties for maintaining economic growth and current levels of government spending . Mr Mackay seized upon an opinion poll published at the weekend that found more Scottish voters believe that Scotland would be better off economically as an independent country within the EU rather than staying in the UK after Brexit .
28	prefix insert	However , he did not mention Scotland ’s large notional fiscal deficit and the possibility of a “ hard ” border between an independent Scotland and post - Brexit UK , factors that could raise major difficulties for maintaining economic growth and current levels of government spending . Mr Mackay seized upon an opinion poll published at the weekend that found more Scottish voters believe that Scotland would be better off economically as an independent country within the EU rather than staying in the UK after Brexit .
28	lex pert	Mr Mackay seized upon an opinion poll published at the weekend that found more Scottish voters believe that Scotland would be better off economically as an independent country within the EU rather than staying in the UK after Brexit . He did not mention Scotland ’s large notional fiscal deficit and the possibility of a “ hard ” border between an independent Scotland and post - Brexit UK , factors that could raise major difficulties for maintaining childrens 's growth and current levels of government spending .
28	corrupt pronoun	Mr Mackay seized upon an opinion poll published at the weekend that found more Scottish voters believe that Scotland would be better off economically as an independent country within the EU rather than staying in the UK after Brexit . She did not mention Scotland ’s large notional fiscal deficit and the possibility of a “ hard ” border between an independent Scotland and post - Brexit UK , factors that could raise major difficulties for maintaining economic growth and current levels of government spending .
29	coherent	Andrew Bailey joined the Bank of England in 1985 . He has served a number of roles at the Bank , working his way up from its international financial markets division to chief cashier , where his signature featured on billions of UK banknotes .
29	swap	He has served a number of roles at the Bank , working his way up from its international financial markets division to chief cashier , where his signature featured on billions of UK banknotes . Andrew Bailey joined the Bank of England in 1985 .
29	random1	Andrew Bailey joined the Bank of England in 1985 . It is up 0.3 % against the dollar at $ 1.2255 and 0.25 % against the euro at € 1.1154 .
29	random2	The pound has regained ground after falling sharply on Tuesday amid fading hopes for a Brexit deal . He has served a number of roles at the Bank , working his way up from its international financial markets division to chief cashier , where his signature featured on billions of UK banknotes .
29	lex sub	The man has served a number of roles at the Bank , working his way up from its international financial markets division to chief cashier , where his signature featured on billions of UK banknotes . Andrew Bailey joined the Bank of England in 1985 .
29	prefix insert	Since then , he has served a number of roles at the Bank , working his way up from its international financial markets division to chief cashier , where his signature featured on billions of UK banknotes . Andrew Bailey joined the Bank of England in 1985 .
29	lex pert	Andrew Bailey joined the Bank of England in 1985 . He has served a number of roles at the Bank , working his way up from its international financial nurseries division to chief cashier , where his signature featured on billions of UK banknotes .
29	corrupt pronoun	Andrew Bailey joined the Bank of England in 1985 . It has served a number of roles at the Bank , working its way up from its international financial markets division to chief cashier , where its signature featured on billions of UK banknotes .
30	coherent	The pound has regained ground after falling sharply on Tuesday amid fading hopes for a Brexit deal . It is up 0.3 % against the dollar at $ 1.2255 and 0.25 % against the euro at € 1.1154 .
30	swap	It is up 0.3 % against the dollar at $ 1.2255 and 0.25 % against the euro at € 1.1154 . The pound has regained ground after falling sharply on Tuesday amid fading hopes for a Brexit deal .
30	random1	The pound has regained ground after falling sharply on Tuesday amid fading hopes for a Brexit deal . He has served a number of roles at the Bank , working his way up from its international financial markets division to chief cashier , where his signature featured on billions of UK banknotes .
30	random2	Andrew Bailey joined the Bank of England in 1985 . It is up 0.3 % against the dollar at $ 1.2255 and 0.25 % against the euro at € 1.1154 .
30	lex sub	The currency is up 0.3 % against the dollar at $ 1.2255 and 0.25 % against the euro at € 1.1154 . The pound has regained ground after falling sharply on Tuesday amid fading hopes for a Brexit deal .
30	prefix insert	After the fall, it is up 0.3 % against the dollar at $ 1.2255 and 0.25 % against the euro at € 1.1154 . The pound has regained ground after falling sharply on Tuesday amid fading hopes for a Brexit deal .
30	lex pert	The pound has regained ground after falling sharply on Tuesday amid fading hopes for a Brexit deal . It is up 0.3 % against the ghosts at $ 1.2255 and 0.25 % against the euro at € 1.1154 .
30	corrupt pronoun	The pound has regained ground after falling sharply on Tuesday amid fading hopes for a Brexit deal . He is up 0.3 % against the dollar at $ 1.2255 and 0.25 % against the euro at € 1.1154 .
